.\" 
.\" The procps_ptree is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.TH PROCPS_PTREE 8 "17 March, 2020"
.\" Please update the above date whenever this man page is modified.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins (default)
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
procps_ptree \- shows hierarchy of executed processes along with 
executed threads. 
.br     
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B procps_ptree
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBprocps_ptree\fP is a source code of project procps and demonstrates
.BR   
some features which library procps provides in its own APIs. This program is
.BR
contained a modified part of the procps and is written learning purposes only.
.PP
By default, procps_ptree will display information as like PS(1) has been 
typed into command line:
.TP
ps -eHo pid,ppid,stat,user,%cpu,%mem,time,stime,comm
.TP
.SH OPTIONS
\fBprocps_ptree\fP accepts the following options:
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show quick help and immediate terminate to execute a program    
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Show version of program and immediate terminate to execute a program    
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-loose-task
Show threads as if they were processes.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-csv-format
Output executed processes and threads in the CSV format.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-show-only-pids
Only output pids of executed processes and threads.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-not-resolve-name
Don't resolve a user name by user id.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-show-with-pid
Show executed processes and threads starting from this pid
.TP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ps (1) 
.\" .BR bar (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Andrey Y. Rzhavskov <rjaan@yandex.ru>.
